That is our goal. Have to be clear, precise, detailed, everything clear, as reflection in the moon
in water.
Water, not solid, not conquered, as rainbow bodies. And Timba means, in Tibet, I think he is also
here.
He is uncheckable, translate uncheckable, but means also firm. So that means not shaken by the dual
ity mind.
Hesitation, doubt, skeptical, this and that. All those are mundane thought.
All those are the obstacles during the meditation.
Maybe analyzation time is good. We should analyze.
But when it comes to the practice self, we should maintain ourselves more firm, strong, and then be
solid, be strong, confidence on that.
Without the confidence, without this self-confidence and trusty, then the realization and
understanding will not come.
Even in samsara, without the confidence, we cannot really achieve so many things.
Without confidence means we are shaking, unshaking, we are not sure, we have stopped kind of
trembling.
That cannot succeed. So therefore, firmness, confidence is very, very important, and that is called
uncheckables.
And then he said like, takwa means purity.
All these different practices, various others, different characteristics, and humility, as well as
all this is built from the beginning.
It is not just a mundane status. So that purity is very good to remember everything, for example,
two arms, two legs, as well as one face, two arms, for example, as to truth, two legs, as to
different merits.
I mean, so forth, one after another, there is so many kind of sambole, meaning that it is sambole,
it is just a display.
We bring that purity, understanding is very, very important. And union of the male and female is a
skillful means in the Western.
I mean, all that, this is called purity, understanding. So again, not involved with the mundane
kind of duality status.
Those are very important to do when we do the meditation.
Then of course, again, this is sometimes difficult to do this meditation, all that.
But to bring that more kind of workable is then our devotion, our joy, our kind of feel, the
presence of that.
We feel the presence of the various south of male and female, lineage masters with the devotion,
joy, and body.
When we have those things, then even if we couldn't keep everything so detailed, it kind of bring
all perfect status.
So therefore, the ground foundation is the joy, appreciation, devotion, and as well as then, with
the kind of trying to maintain as much as we can,
then it brings realization and blessings. So trying to maintain all those things as much as we can.
And again, then after all, it is bodhicitta practice, and it is our devotion practices.
And so kind of thinking of every different levels of all the beings, and then we do these practices
.
So this is just a brief reminding, and again, you know already, and so we do start with practice.
Again, this is one of the very special teachings of these great masters.
It's not just this great master, but this is the teaching of the Gaurabha Masambhavasandra Kanishin
Sahaja.
And then it goes back to the Buddha Kya Kya Muni. So it is.
And then again, also many great masters often use, this is kind of combined the Numa Kama and the
Thelma,
teaching together with this great master, Pratugadha, and then this becomes one of the very
important practices in Numa schools.
And this carried by all the great masters of the Numa, and for example, in these lineage masters,
when you pray this lineage,
and there is, for example, also like this continuing pastor from his home, Dunyurum Chittu, and his
teacher, as well as him.
So this is the teaching of the Mani Thelma, this is the teaching of the His Honors of Dunyurum Ch
ittu,
and this is teaching of all those Numa great masters.
So in that understanding, we practice this, again, with this thought of the Bodhi Thelma, and that
is a brief reminding.
And now we begin this practice, okay?
That is, we start.